literally cosmic rays from the other
side of the universe can come crashing
through the atmosphere striking DNA
causing a germline genetic code mutation
and this can be the cause of some
radical change to an organism leading to
a new species that cosmic ray causing
just that change cannot possibly have
been predicted by any of our knowledge
and law when it comes to much of the
output of human beings who literally
create explanations and make choices
based on those explanations choices that
could not otherwise have been made
unless those explanations have been
created this whole process can itself
not be predicted the content of future
theories cannot be predicted therefore
choices made on the basis of those
theories themselves could not have been
predicted ahead of time we cannot know
the content of theories yet to be
thought and so we cannot possibly make
predictions about the future state of
the world when that future state will
depend upon theories no one's thought of
yet but they will